♪Crinkling your eyes, you smile sweetly.♪
♪The way you run to me is lovely.♪
♪Your mouth corners are upturned.
Your smile is remarkable.♪
♪How come you happen to see me embarrassed?♪
♪Summer isn't more romantic
than the moment I met you.♪
♪Have I shown you romance or warmth?♪
♪My love for you stands the test of time.♪
♪I believe in eternity because of you.♪
♪I would risk my life to protect you,
my source of courage.♪
♪You give me a sense of security
by being at my side.♪
♪I love everything you have given me.♪
♪Together, we make a sweet love story.♪
=The Love Equations=
(Previously on Episode 11)
I've heard that
the Geminids will come tomorrow.
I'll go there too.
Let's go and see
the Detective Exhibition together.
But I've agreed
to go there with Cai Yasi.
Fanzhou, I'll get a good position for you.
I have to go to the playground to see
the meteor shower with my roommates.
Let's go together.
(Episode 12: Warm Humid Days
are Also Love Days)
You were driven away because you always won,
but I always lost,
why didn't they let me stay?
Because you're stupid.
Chen Yu.
What are you doing?
You keep playing with your phone.
Nothing.
I'm going down.
Okay.
Lu,
are you okay?
I heard you coughing.
The seal is not broken.
I'll open it for you.
Drink more water.
Thank you.
Don't be like this.
Lu will be awkward.
Are you being shy?
A pair of twos.
Let's play a game together.
Psychologist Arthur Aron carried out a study
called "The Experimental Generation
of Interpersonal Closeness."
Strangers pair up
and answer all 36 questions.
Then they stare into each other's eyes
for four minutes.
Magical chemical reactions
will happen between them.
Fanzhou,
can you help me
show them how to do it?
Can you ask the questions?
Okay.
Given the choice of anyone in the world,
whom would you want
as a dinner guest?
Zhao Fanzhou.
Zhou Xiao.
You just want me
to pay extra 857 yuan.
Next question.
You do it.
I'd like to have a drink.
Share five positive characteristics
you think I have.
High EQ.
Lovely.
Tender.
Tall.
Beautiful.
Go on.
Big face.
Sweet smile.
It's not like that.
♪It's a promise♪
♪made by warm spring to winter.♪
♪I've never changed what I promised to you.♪
Anything else?
Healthy hair.
You hit me hard.
How do you feel about your relationship
with your mother?
I think it's not bad.
♪It says I'm brave
although I talk foolishly sometimes.♪
♪If I have to sing a song about youth...♪
Zhou Xiao.
I'm telling you.
I found Zhao Fanzhou's mind is in sync
with Jia Yichun's.
When I asked them
how they felt about their relationship
with their moms,
both of them suddenly quit.
Oh.
What are you doing?
You two can have a try.
I think your mind must be in sync
with Cai Yasi's.
It'll be much fun.
Okay.
Let's do it.
No big deal.
I'll start.
Do you feel your childhood was happier
than most other people's?
Sure.
Why do you think so?
We acted in collusion with each other
in our childhood,
so our happiness doubled.
Come on. In collusion?
It's true.
Next question.
When did you last sing to yourself?
When I was having a shower.
It's weird.
It's not.
It is!
Fanzhou,
I'm sorry.
I really don't know
there is a question about mother
among the 36 questions about love.
I know.
Thank you for believing me.
Just now,
when we played the game,
Tao Ling said
Zhou Xiao and Cai Yasi
also grew up together.
So what?
His confession at the school anniversary
was so romantic.
They will be together sooner or later, right?
Growing up together
doesn't mean being together after growing up.
They won't.
Neither will we.
Will the meteor shower appear or not?
I'm so sleepy.
No.
I can't bear it.
What to do?
As soon as I see you,
I feel like I have trouble breathing.
Zhou Xiao,
I like you.
Don't hang up.
I'm totally serious.
It has nothing to do with other girls
or boys.
If I had known you'd misunderstand me,
I should've had more decency.
Anyway,
can you be my girlfriend?
♪There is something
you don't care if you miss.♪
♪There is someone
you still wanna win back if you lose.♪
♪I told you how I feel about you,♪
♪but you think I'm kidding.♪
♪I'm serious.♪
♪Do you believe me?♪
♪I wanted to get over it but I just can't.♪
Meteors!
Look!
Now make a wish!
I wish my grandpa good health!
Let's make wishes together.
I hope Tao Ling will study hard.
I will.
But I hope I'll have snacks
more than I can eat!
I want to be the best novelist!
You should look at me
instead of these shooting stars.
Tsk!
Disgusting!
You're sick.
♪... I said, "I'm here. Don't worry."♪
♪I wish you happiness forever.♪
♪I'll always be there for you.♪
♪I'm sure that's what I want to do.♪
♪I don't wanna just be
a passerby in your life.♪
Did you make it safely back home?
Yeah.
I just arrived.
Dad.
Mom.
I'm back.
You're back!
You must be tired after spending
two hours on the train.
It's okay. I'm not tired.
Hurry. Let me give you a hug.
Let me have a look at you.
You've lost weight.
Was the food not tasty?
No, it's fine.
Just tell me what you want to eat.
The fridge is full of foods you like.
I'll cook for you.
I want to eat
Pork Knuckle in Brown Sauce.
No problem.
Why do I feel like
I'm home loaded with honors?
Stop talking nonsense.
Dad, she hit me.
It's alright.
Okay.
Go have a rest in your room.
I'll let you know when the meal is ready.
Okay.
Honey,
why haven't you changed
the bed sheet and quilt cover?
She needs to have a rest.
It'll be done soon.
Look at your dad.
Alright. Sit on the sofa for a while.
I'll go help him.
Look at you.
You didn't come back
during the National Day holiday
and you stopped us from going to see you.
And you didn't let us pick you up.
She's just back. Stop nagging.
I'm not.
What a favored child I am.
Don't move.
Leave it to me.
Your gloves
have been polluted.
Zhou Xiao.
Zhou Xiao!
Oh my god.
What's on my mind? I'm crazy.
Come out. Your diet meal is ready.
You've put on much weight
during the Spring Festival.
Hold on.
Just a second.
Mom,
it's so nice of you.
You even take the fruit to me personally.
Mom, what are you doing?
Don't you feel ashamed?
I shouldn't have taken it to you.
During the Spring Festival,
the only thing you've done
is staying in front of your computer.
This computer is just like your mom.
Fine.
Let it take the fruit to you.
Did you wash your hands?
That's a waste of time.
I'll eat like this.
Go wash your hands.
You've changed.
What?
I said,
I'm going to wash my hands.
That's more like it.
Come on.
Eat this.
Look at you.
You've put on so much weight.
You've never done exercises.
Why do you prepare so much food
if you think I'm heavy?
Finish this.
Finish this before you're on a diet.
Okay.
Alright. I'll put it here.
Hmm.
Remember to finish it.
Okay.
Don't forget to wash your hands.
Got it.
Have you booked a return ticket?
I'll go pick you up.
He wants to pick me up.
Fanzhou.
Come over. Help me deal with
the fingerprints on it.
During the winter vacation,
you just spent a few days at home
for the Spring Festival.
You've been staying in the lab every day
since you came back.
Don't you think it's boring?
Don't you want to go out for fun
and relax yourself?
No.
No wonder you can't win her heart.
I'd also ignore you if I were Zhou Xiao.
Professor,
I heard it.
So what?
Did I say anything wrong?
All you know is
checking your phone
and waiting like a fool.
You don't even show up.
Why does she have to like you?
Professor,
here are the fingerprints.
Do you want to pick me up?
Okay.
It happens I'll have a lot of luggage.
I'll arrive the day after tomorrow.
This doesn't work.
It feels like I'm taking it for granted.
Pick me up?
I hope it's not too much trouble.
No way.
It feels like I'm too polite.
Why do you want to pick me up?
No.
What if he thinks I'm rejecting him?
How should I respond?
Zhou Xiao,
time for dinner.
Got it.
Look at these dishes.
They're both delicious and good-looking.
I have to reward you.
Come on. Honey,
this drum stick is yours.
I don't need it.
I'm on a diet.
I'll eat it.
No way.
Look at you.
You've put on so much weight.
Then why did you pick up food for me?
You're inducing me to eat.
You eat.
She's not overweight.
She's not slim, either.
Think of potential problems
in times of peace.
You don't get fat in one day.
After she goes to school,
she won't have much to eat.
That's good for her.
As a man,
you couldn't understand
how eagerly women want to lose weight
and how important it is.
Don't give her too much meat.
Eat. Eat more vegetables.
Pass me your bowl.
Listen to your mom.
She's right.
Here. It's yours.
I said I want to lose weight.
Mom, I need to reply to a message.
Don't use your phone while eating.
Just a second.
Happy dating.
PDA
will make you gain weight faster.
Okay.
You know what?
Li was late for work again
this month.
It's the third time.
Jealous?
In this case, ask Zhao Fanzhou
to be your boyfriend.
But in the end,
he used the same excuse.
He said
it was because of traffic jam.
I know you're stubborn
and reluctant to admit it.
Face up to yourself.
Okay?
Why don't you reply?
Zhao Fanzhou said he'd pick me up.
I've been flurried the whole day.
I don't know how to reply.
I think I'm weird.
I want him to pick me up,
but I'm also afraid to see him.
As long as he speaks to me,
my heart beats fast.
I don't know how to reply.
What to do?
It can't be helped. It's a shortcoming.
What's going on?
Stop using your phone during mealtimes.
Sweetie.
Eat.
Zhao Fanzhou said he'd pick me up.
I've been flurried the whole day.
I don't know how to reply.
I think I'm weird.
I want him to pick me up,
but I'm also afraid to see him.
As long as he speaks to me,
my heart beats fast.
I don't know how to reply.
What to do?
I've arrived.
When will you arrive?
I'm at the school gate.
I'm going upstairs.
I've brought you lovely presents.
I've brought you delicious food.
Me too.
I've got pig trotters for you.
You finally appeared.
You sent the wrong message to him.
We thought you'd quit college
to avoid embarrassment.
Stop laughing at her,
or she might jump from the moving train.
It was all of a sudden.
If you don't stop,
I'll throw away the pig trotters.
Do you have a lot of luggage?
Do you want us to pick you up?
I'm good.
I can do it.
Wei, you're the most kind-hearted.
(Don't answer)
Why don't you pick up the phone?
Hello?
Why are you here?
To pick you up.
How did you know when I'd come back?
Ms. Huang of the library told me.
I shouldn't have asked her for a leave.
Let's go.
Did he read that message
I withdrew?
Do you have a question for me?
Um. No.
No.
I have a question for you.
What?
Why didn't you reply to my message?
I... I didn't see it.
Really?
If you didn't see it,
why did you withdraw a message?
That...
That what?
That message I withdrew...
What was it about?
Nothing.
I took a selfie.
It's so ugly. I didn't want to scare you.
I sent it to you by accident.
Luckily, you didn't see it.
Luckily.
Yeah, luckily.
Here.
Oh.
My mom prepared pig trotters.
I'll give some to you.
It's delicious.
I have one more question.
Go ahead.
Why did it show "Don't answer"
when I called you?
It's upset.
I hate warm humid climate most.
Don't remind me.
I found the whole wardrobe
got mildewed when I came back.
You planned to wear it tomorrow, right?
Yeah.
I can't wear it like that.
Wear another one.
Hello.
You're back.
My quilt feels wet.
How will we sleep tonight?
Girls, I'm back!
You're back.
Come and do me a favor.
Look. The whole room is humid.
See? Mushrooms grow here.
Let's cook them for dinner.
All you're thinking about is food.
Look at your place
and see if there are mushrooms.
I'm not afraid.
I'll pull them out
and eat them tonight.
Oh.
I've got you pig trotters.
Shall I share it with you
now or later?
Do it later.
Okay.
Lu,
cloth.
Catch it.
Wei,
your grandpa is a great craftsman.
It's a cute deer.
My grandpa did it for fun.
I think it's good-looking,
so I asked him to make one for each of you.
So cute.
He's eating.
Mine is cuter.
I don't think so.
A more complicated process
is needed to do this one.
Wei loves me most.
I thought you'd be scared.
No. I love it.
Snake!
Snake.
I'm telling you.
I'm not afraid at all.
Really?
Then I'll put it on your bed.
It'll go into your quilt.
I just got up a little late.
There is even no room left for towels.
Right.
It's tiring.
It's fake. Look.
Why do you take it out?
The weather is humid. It's going moldy.
It's not easy to have a sunny day.
I want it to enjoy the sunshine.
Are you treating it as a pet?
Let's hurry,
or the playground will be occupied.
Okay.
Fanzhou.
Let's go.
Hurry.
Then take it yourself.
It's too much for me to handle it alone.
Right here.
Don't put it on the ground.
They're from my fans.
These warm humid days
got so many people in trouble.
Fanzhou,
your girl, Zhou Xiao.
Where is my girl, Lu?
Zhou Xiao!
The snake...
It's fake.
Oh.
What are you doing here?
Nothing.
Wow. Unbelievable.
Snake!
It's fake.
Stop joking.
Let me show you if it's fake or real.
Have a look.
No.
Stay away from me.
Touch it.
No.
No!
I won't.
Are you a coward?
Touch it.
Yes, I am. I'm a coward.
Are you a man?
Lu, I'm going to work in the library.
Okay. I'll take your quilt back.
Bye.
Okay.
I'm leaving.
Why are you following me?
You seem to have forgotten we're colleagues.
I'm going to the library too.
Go down.
Up.
It's enough. What else do you want?
Fine. Forget about it
if you don't want to talk to me.
I'm busy too.
Hi, Chen Yu.
Lu,
what's up?
I guess because it's warm
and humid these days
and I haven't used my racket for a long time,
the string is broken.
Let me cut it
and then get it repaired.
Okay.
Hold it.
I'll show you.
The third one is like this.
Cut it.
Then here.
The fourth one.
It's broken.
Have a try.
Okay.
Cut...
Right. 1. 2. 3. 4.
Right. Here.
Okay.
Right. In this case,
the racket is balanced.
Then it won't
get crooked.
Down.
Left.
Right. Cut in four directions.
Add little by little.
Coach.
Okay.
Let's continue.
Closed for dehumidification.
Why didn't they tell us?
They gave notice in the library group.
They asked us to come here in the afternoon.
Weird.
Now that you knew it's closed,
why did you follow me here
and not tell me about it?
I wanted to have a walk with you.
I'm going to have lunch.
Me too.
Just go ahead.
You don't need to tell me.
I'm going over there.
What are you doing?
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Sir, I'm okay with everything.
Anything is fine.
What on earth does Zhao Fanzhou want to do?
Thank you.
I wish he couldn't find me.
Don't find me.
Don't you hate to eat carrot?
I got the wrong dish.
Do you eat it?
I haven't started.
No, I don't.
Why?
You said you like it.
I lied.
Why?
Because you said Cai Yasi ate it for you too.
So what?
So I was angry.
I'm full.
Enjoy it.
I can do it too.
When I learned to repair a racket string,
Chen Yu was still sieving soybeans
with a racket.
How dare they flirt in the presence of me?
Do they think I'm dead?
Don't you think they've gone too far?
Yes.
And Lu.
I don't understand why she blushed.
Right?
Has she thought about me?
I don't think I'm inferior to Chen Yu.
Why didn't she blush for me?
Look.
Other girls blushed so much
at the sight of me
that they even needed to go to hospital.
But she acted as if she's blind.
Hey.
Are you listening or not?
No.
You're looking down
upon my relationship, right?
Could it be that your relationship
is working more smoothly than mine?
Oh.
Well. Give me more details.
Have you decided to tell her how you feel?
You've been asking me for an hour.
Well.
Look.
We got to know them almost at the same time.
Why is your relationship
going well
while mine is full of ups and downs?
Look.
I'm more handsome than you.
I'm also richer
and more successful in career.
Why do I have
a bumpy relationship?
It's good.
This Chuanchuan store is great.
Hmm.
Add it into our favorites.
Look at Tao Ling.
Tao Ling.
Are you sure you won't eat?
Yes.
Are you crazy?
Why do you suddenly want to lose weight?
Summer is coming.
I can't hide my thick thighs anymore.
In this case,
just relax
and enjoy the food.
Shut up. You bad girl.
Don't come over.
Smell it.
It's tempting
and mouthwatering.
Zhou Xiao, I'll kill you.
Take a bite before you do that.
No.
Have a taste.
I won't.
Wei, take her away.
It smells so good.
Alright.
Stop joking.
Who is it?
I've fixed your racket.
I'll take it to you when it's convenient.
Give it back to me.
What are you doing?
Are you in a relationship?
No.
Tell us the truth, or we won't
consider you as our sister.
Sit down.
I agree.
You'd better tell us the truth.
Hmm.
Go ahead.
Tell us.
Fine.
I'll tell you.
He's Chen Yu.
I told you about him.
Obviously, your relationship is moving fast.
Last time
we watched the meteor shower together.
After that, he's nice to me.
And
we often have a chat
in our spare time.
Then seize the time and let him
be your boyfriend.
Yeah. I've decided
to tell him how I feel.
Lu, you're true to your name.
Stop looking.
Can't I celebrate Lu's love story?
It's good.
(Next Episode)
Stop hiding.
I need to talk to you.
I like you.
Let me buy you dinner to thank you.
Sure. It'll be my pleasure.
♪Sunshine falls into the wind's arms.♪
♪A breath of sweet air drifts over.♪
♪Since the day I met you,♪
♪I have learned that a view is only fine
when you are part of it.♪
♪Taking in your feelings quietly.♪
♪Perhaps a step back should
be taken to get closer.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪You will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go in the future,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪
♪I would be happy to see you happy.♪
♪He tolerates my willfulness.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪I will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go tomorrow,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪